Interview 1

Attendance:
Dingli Zhao, Hao Xiang Wang, Yichen Jiao, David Chen, Jizhou Wei

Location:
Zoom

Time: 
17/03/2021 3:30pm - 4:00pm

Agenda:
1. Question about project background:

Q1:
verify our understanding of the project details.
A1:
CLU is a framework that can:
- provide a richer learning experience than rope learning.
- let teachers think about the end goal of education.
- let teachers think about the teaching target while they are designing the curriculum.

Q2:
How does the 3D concept relate to the project?
A2:
The goal of the project is to design a web interface that can help teachers take the 3D model(who/how/what) into consideration when they are designing learning units.

Q3:
How do the forward design and backward design processes relate to the product?
A3:
Forward/backward design is the foundation of CLU, while CLU combines them and add the third dimension, "who," into the design concept.

Q4:
Can you give an example of the ideal human experience in interacting with the product?
A4:
Design units keeping in mind who the learner/student is. (e.g. who a year 8s in boys school vs  year 12s in coed school)


2. Questions about requirement elicitation:

Q1:
Who would the system help/ Who is it for?
A1:
Teachers/educators who are designing learning units for students/researchers/anyone related to academic.

Q2:
What do you think the product should do?
A2:
acts as a tutorial to step teachers through the process of engaging with students and setting up the different way of designing units.
allows teachers to talk through the platform via BBS/direct messaging.
allows monetisation of learning units.
creates repositories of creative learning units where other people can search for and use as examples or actual use.

Q3:
What is the existing system of learning?
A3:
Teachers manually fill in word documents to decide who is involved in learning, what goal to achieve and how to teach the unit.

Q4:
What will the product ideal be? (mobile/desktop/web)
A4:
A web interface for teachers to design a unit of work (term, class, semester)

Q5:
How would someone feel when using the product?
A5:
supported, informative, helpful

Post Meeting Action Items:
1. Arrange the next meeting with the client.
2. Send an email asking for a demo.

Next Meeting: 
Zoom
24/03/2021