Interview 2

Attendance:
Dingli Zhao, Hao Xiang Wang, Yichen Jiao, David Chen, Jizhou Wei

Location:
Zoom

Time: 
24/04/2021 3:30pm - 4:00pm

Agenda:
1. Do
be able to download it in a document or such to share
Privacy - i choose what i share, who its shared to etc.
clear ownership - who has contributed? who owns the learning unit?
collective ownership? everyone makes decisions for a learning unit
some sort of motivation for sharing learning units
something like a google document for collaborating - comments on the sections etc.
brainstorming, playing with ideas - site should help them to do this - help them through a thinking process
be able to revisit previous pages and edit
be able to separate the creation into several sections and download partly in milestones
edit previously created units and "save as" a new one
 inquiry/question based 
webpage should provide template tables in the document "Quay Creative Learning Units SWEN90009" and the guidelines of editing them
the website should guide users go through the process to the final output
have interaction between pages. the content in previous pages can occur on the later page in some structure
when edit previous pages, the content in later pages will change synchronously.

2. Who
Moderation → Moderators for public content/sharings?
Age → uni students to retirement age (PLT)
Feature → may be good at or not good at (have experience or not on) operating websites

3. Be
Inviting
Not too formal/technical
Playful but Professional
Helpful
Powerful
Supportive (the most important)
Simple → Not Complex
learning quickly

4. Feel
Supported
No Hurdles
Rewarded/Congratulated
Informed (about time, steps, length etc.)
In Control (of all the steps) 

5. Concerns
Does not draw users in to use it
Difficult to use
Too complex
Does not provide a constructor for the CLU Framework

Post Meeting Action Items:
1. Build the motivational model based on the do/be/feel table.
2. Build personas based on the motivational model.

Next Meeting: 
Zoom
31/03/2021